<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="dto_types">
    <title>DTO types</title>
    <shortdesc>DTO types are business categories that were made by dividing all business tasks and
        functions to an understandable logic groups. DTO, business tasks and functions  -  have the
        same types.</shortdesc>
    <body>
        <p>We assume DTO types with the same way as Functions and Tasks to simplify their
            interconnection and relationship understanding. Types in turns may be divided to the
            subtypes.</p>
        <p>
            <dl id="dl_qmx_rx1_1hc">
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>DTO for admin DBOS functions</dt>
                    <dd>serves to fulfil admin-related functions within digital banking (DB)
                        solution. </dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </p>
        <dl id="dl_dxt_wx1_1hc">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>DTO for security functions</dt>
                <dd>serves to fulfil security functions within DB solution. </dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
        <dl id="dl_wh1_xx1_1hc">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>DTO for business functions</dt>
                <dd>serves to fulfil all functions that have to do with revenue generation. </dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
        <dl id="dl_fz4_xx1_1hc">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>DTO for communication functions</dt>
                <dd>serves to fulfil  two-way (chatbot, email etc.) and one-way (notifications) t
                    communication functions. </dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
        <dl id="dl_pdf_dy1_1hc">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>DTO for report and analysis functions</dt>
                <dd>serves to fulfil functions that have to do with data analysis and presenting
                    them in a form of different reports. </dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
        <dl id="dl_ytd_gy1_1hc">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>DTO for management functions</dt>
                <dd>serves to fulfil functions that are within managers (C-level, managers, team
                    leads etc.) agenda. </dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
        <dl id="dl_v5r_hy1_1hc">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>DTO for DBOS maintenance functions</dt>
                <dd>serves to fulfil functions that have to do with software maintenance operations
                    like: version updating, scaling, running backups, performing health checks. </dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
    </body>
</topic>
