<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="function_types">
    <title>Function types</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <body>
        <p>Steps (functions) may be undertaken in any types of tasks. We divide all possible steps
            to following types:</p>
        <p>
            <dl id="dl_x4x_vdb_1hc">
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Admin Operation Functions</dt>
                    <dd>serves to fulfil admin-related functions within DB solution. </dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </p>
        <dl id="dl_hnd_xdb_1hc">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Security Operation Functions</dt>
                <dd>serves to fulfil security functions within DB solution. </dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
        <dl id="dl_ggw_xdb_1hc">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Business Operation Functions</dt>
                <dd>serves to fulfil all functions that have to do with revenue generation.</dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
        <dl id="dl_cth_ydb_1hc">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Communication Operation Functions</dt>
                <dd>serves to fulfil two-way (chatbot, email etc.) and one-way (notifications) t
                    communication functions. </dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
        <dl id="dl_d4w_ydb_1hc">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Report and Analysis Operation Functions</dt>
                <dd>serves to fulfil functions that have to do with data analysis and presenting
                    them in a form of different reports. </dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
        <dl id="dl_tbh_zdb_1hc">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Management Operation Functions</dt>
                <dd>serves to fulfil functions that are within managers (C-level, managers, team
                    leads etc.) agenda. </dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
        <dl id="dl_yjy_zdb_1hc">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>DBOS Maintenance Operation Functions</dt>
                <dd>serves to fulfil functions that have to do with software maintenance operations
                    like: version updating, scaling, running backups, performing health checks.  </dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
    </body>
</topic>
