<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="untitled10">
    <title>Task types</title>
    <shortdesc><i>Task types were defined to ease understanding their business nature. From the
            business point of view we may divide all possible tasks into separate domains:
            Functional Tasks and Product tasks. Tasks are divided into types within each domain and
            may be divided into subtypes.</i>
    </shortdesc>
    <body>
        <p>Functional Tasks domain comprises all banking tasks, that bank employees and their
            clients handle using DB Solution software. Moreover this domain comprises all tasks that
            have to be done to install and maintenance DB Solution software. Functional domain tasks
            are divided into seven types, each task type may have subtypes. Example, Functional
            tasks/Business tasks/Payment tasks/... </p>
        <p>Functional tasks: </p>
        <p>
            <dl id="dl_ckp_ffb_1hc">
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Admin tasks</dt>
                    <dd>serves to fulfil admin-related tasks within digital banking (DB) solution. </dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
        </p>
        <dl id="dl_axb_gfb_1hc">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Security tasks</dt>
                <dd>serves to fulfil security tasks within DB solution. </dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
        <dl id="dl_jrl_gfb_1hc">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Business tasks</dt>
                <dd>serves to fulfil all tasks that have to do with revenue generation. </dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
        <dl id="dl_ikx_gfb_1hc">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Communication tasks</dt>
                <dd>serves to fulfil two-way (chatbot, email etc.) and one-way (notifications)
                    communication tasks. </dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
        <dl id="dl_mlv_hfb_1hc">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Report and Analysis tasks</dt>
                <dd>serves to fulfil tasks that have to do with data analysis and presenting them in
                    a form of different reports. </dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
        <dl id="dl_vk2_3fb_1hc">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Management tasks</dt>
                <dd>serves to fulfil tasks that are within managers (C-level, managers, team leads
                    etc.) agenda. </dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
        <dl id="dl_p3t_3fb_1hc">
            <dlentry>
                <dt>DBOS Maintenance tasks</dt>
                <dd>serves to fulfil tasks that have to do with software maintenance operations
                    like: version updating, scaling, running backups, performing health checks. </dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
        <p>Product Tasks domain comprises all tasks that enterprise handle to design, produce, sale,
            deliver and putting its products to use. Product domain tasks are divided into four
            types. Product task types are associated with enterprise processes. Each task type may
            have subtypes. </p>
        <p>Product tasks: <dl id="dl_uqy_vk5_2hc">
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Onboarding tasks </dt>
                    <dd>Tasks that have to do with company's employees onboarding processes. These
                        processes will be different, based on the specific employee's role. </dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Sales tasks </dt>
                    <dd>Tasks that are being held by the Sales department. </dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt>Project implementation tasks </dt>
                    <dd>Tasks from different stages of project implementation process.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt><b>Client support tasks</b>
                    </dt>
                    <dd>
                        <p>Specific tasks to provide a customer with support regarding their DB
                            solution. </p>
                        <p> </p>
                    </dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl></p>
    </body>
</topic>
